Name: The Mongoose
Bio: Thought to be a retired spy, very little information is known.
Personality: Eccentric, Reclusive, Controlling
Plot: The Mongoose is using a vast collection of [item] to take over the world.
First Scene: Blue Cobra is assigned to protect an ambassador. When the ambassador is attacked by the forces of The Mongoose, Blue Cobra must protect them.

Name: Colonel Pain
Bio: A mercenary with connections to the armed forces of China, India and France.
Plot: Colonel Pain is trying to destroy the world's supply of [item].
Personality: Sadistic, Populist, Militaristic
First Scene: Blue Cobra is on vacation when she notices the items getting destroyed / disappearing. Innocent civilian are put in physical danger and she must save them.

Name: Lady Moneybags
Bio: The wealthy owner of MoneyCorp, a corporation with sections in many industries.
Personality: Greedy, Brilliant, Arrogant
Plot: Lady Moneybags is exploiting the market of [item] to make a fortune.
First Scene: Blue Cobra disrupts a drug smuggling operation, and gains a clue about a deeper conspiracy.

Name: Countess Von Scar
Bio: A visually stunning and physically imposing descendent of an old noble line.
Personality: Elitist, Traditional, Combative
Plot: Countess Von Scar is planning to kill the designer of the newest trendy [item], who personally wronged her.
First Scene: Blue Cobra is assigned to protect the designer at the world premiere of the item when Countess Von Scar's henchpeople attack the event.

Name: G.H.O.S.T.
Bio: A criminal cabal secretly controlling the [item] industry
Personality: Organized, Secretive, Omnipresent
Plot: G.H.O.S.T., is trying to assassinate Blue Cobra for disrupting their superweapon.
First Scene: Blue Cobra infiltrates the secret location of a gigantic superweapon and disables it, bringing her personally to the attention of G.H.O.S.T.

Name: Senator Smear
Bio: The appointed head of the spy agency and Blue Cobra's direct manager.
Personality: Ambitious, Insecure, Reckless
Plot: Senator Smear is hiring terrorists to assassinate political leaders and move up the political ladder.
First Scene: While rescuing an a trainee from a deathtrap, Blue Cobra discovers a suspicious [item] that incriminates Senator Smear.

Name: Dr. Villainous
Bio: A crackpot scientist who was discredited after publishing a paper arguing for human extinction.
Plot: Dr. Villainous is gathering the necessary components to create and release a global plague. They aim to protect the elite of the world in their secret base.
Personality: Crazy, Scientific, Misanthropic
First Scene: Blue Cobra is the head of security at a greenhouse of valuable plants when Dr. Nostra steals ingredients for the plague.